

Appendix A- Array operability
1. Type 1 agglomeration --- any group of 2 or 4 adjacent pixels where adjacent is directly horizontal, directly vertical, or diagonally located to next pixel.
2. Type 2 agglomeration --- any group of 5 or 6 adjacent pixels where adjacent is directly horizontal, directly vertical, or diagonally located to next pixel.
3. Type 3 agglomeration --- any group of 7 or 10 adjacent pixels where adjacent is directly horizontal, directly vertical, or diagonally located to next pixel.
4. Type 4 agglomeration ---- any group of 11 or 16 adjacent pixels where adjacent is directly horizontal, directly vertical, or diagonally located to next pixel.
5. Type 5 agglomeration ---- any group of 17 or 25 adjacent pixels where adjacent is directly horizontal, directly vertical, or diagonally located to next pixel.

6. Column Failure:
	a) Entire or majority of a column is failing to respond to thermal image
	c) The average column signal differs by more than 20 DL compared to the median of 11 nearest neighbor columns after 5 minutes of operation while detector is gazing on constant and uniform scene, working in constant test conditions,

7. Row Failure:
	a) Entire or majority of a row is failing to respond to thermal image
	c) The average row signal differs by more than 20 DL compared to the median of 11 nearest neighbor rows after 5 minutes of operation while detector is gazing on constant and uniform scene, working in constant test conditions,

Overall Maximum Allowable Percentage - Number of defective and no-info pixels in a region divided by the number of pixels in that region.

Array Operability
The number of defective or no-info pixels within a region described in table 5 and in table 6 shall be less than the maximum numbers denoted in Table 4. Both defective and no-info pixels are added together to produce the count which should be under the maximum region counts. Refer to Ch. 4 for "Type" and "Agglomeration" definitions
There will be no defective pixel without an operational (not defective and not no-info) neighbor pixel.
Two defective columns or rows must be separated by more than 5 pixels.